Markdown Files/Repo Structure.md, before:

# Structure

Chain RL
│
├── Master.ipynb
│
├── Experiments_folder
│   ├── bullwhip.ipynb
│   └── scripts_folder
│       └── plot.py
│            bullwhip.py
│   └── Experimentdata_folder
│       └── bullwhip_folder
│
└── Results
│    └── environmentkey_folder
│        └── algorithmkey_folder
│            └── paramskey_folder 
│                ├── best_model.zip
│                │   monitor.csv
│                │    eval_folder
│                    ├─── eval_results.csv
│                    │    episode_folder
│                    │    └── data.csv
│                    │    figures_folder
│                    │    └── plots.pdf
└── Misc.











# New

# Folders for Environments/Data -> NET1, IM0, etc.
## Folders for Models -> (includes model.zip, monitor etc.)
### Folders for Model Variations -> 'default', 'tuned'
#### Eval Folder ->
##### Evaluation Files and Folders for GetData (stock, reorder, profit etc.)

# dictionary.py 
## Contains:
    - algorithm_dictionary
    - environment_dictionary
    - tuned_params_dictionary (work in progress)


# Folders for examples -> 
## net vis, notebooks

# Eval.py - or maybe Eval.ipynb
.py for taking monitor and evaluating. Putting files in Eval Folder

# Train.py
.py for training models

# Tune.py
.py for tuning models

# Plotting.py 
.py Functionality for different kinds of plots (purely model results)

# Tuning Folder ????
-> PPO -> trials
-> alg_name -> trials







# Naming Structure for New Environ

Commit message:

Update: Added a message to make it look nicer

Markdown Files/Repo Structure.md, after:

# Structure (Click edit for it to look nice)

Chain RL
│
├── Master.ipynb
│
├── Experiments_folder
│   ├── bullwhip.ipynb
│   └── scripts_folder
│       └── plot.py
│            bullwhip.py
│   └── Experimentdata_folder
│       └── bullwhip_folder
│
└── Results
│    └── environmentkey_folder
│        └── algorithmkey_folder
│            └── paramskey_folder 
│                ├── best_model.zip
│                │   monitor.csv
│                │    eval_folder
│                    ├─── eval_results.csv
│                    │    episode_folder
│                    │    └── data.csv
│                    │    figures_folder
│                    │    └── plots.pdf
└── Misc.











# New

# Folders for Environments/Data -> NET1, IM0, etc.
## Folders for Models -> (includes model.zip, monitor etc.)
### Folders for Model Variations -> 'default', 'tuned'
#### Eval Folder ->
##### Evaluation Files and Folders for GetData (stock, reorder, profit etc.)

# dictionary.py 
## Contains:
    - algorithm_dictionary
    - environment_dictionary
    - tuned_params_dictionary (work in progress)


# Folders for examples -> 
## net vis, notebooks

# Eval.py - or maybe Eval.ipynb
.py for taking monitor and evaluating. Putting files in Eval Folder

# Train.py
.py for training models

# Tune.py
.py for tuning models

# Plotting.py 
.py Functionality for different kinds of plots (purely model results)

# Tuning Folder ????
-> PPO -> trials
-> alg_name -> trials







# Naming Structure for New Environ
